my name is Shadow the Hedgehog I'm the
ultimate life-form
I'm not as evil as you think I am
I'm the coolest Hedgehog unlike that
blue fake of a hedgehog I was shadow
plushy from Burnaby BC Canada I was
purchased from an anime store for 1725
Canadian dollars and a Sakura media
store near you the anime source for you
this feature was presented by Elson duck
speed swamp
my name is Shadow the Hedgehog I'm the
ultimate life
I'm shadow plushy from Burnaby BC I
swear
my name is Shadow the Hedgehog I'm the
ultimate life-form
notice emoji come on your mommy oh yeah
let's do it correctly
- I'm gonna quit you know
Wow
no pillows rise again raining everything
that's not children
nothing can stop to bring you down
hi guys
Elson box meets Wong here well today I
had an awesome day at UM Vancouver and
me my relatives went to Metro City
that's right Metro City and Wow went
through this anime store and you know my
relative Patrice Patrice helped me buy
this shadow plushy and I'm very thankful
very thankful so thank you for tres and
family for taking me out and having a
great time then look I even got a Sonic
the Hedgehog comic the Archie version
now it's cheaper look 265 Canadian
dollars in Australia it's $5 so make a
comparison
it's
so yeah guys I truly am having an
awesome time in Canada and it's all
thanks to my relatives in Vancouver
thank you so much well I'll catch you
next time with more actual stuff darn it
you